Small CDC connector fixes (#1339)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/integrate/pages/cdc-connectors.adoc

</dependency>
----

> Since all those artifacts are in Hazelcast Private Repository, you also have to add:

Reviewer: 'Since' can confuse some non-native speakers so suggesting:
```suggestion
Because all these artifacts are in Hazelcast's private repository, you also have to add:
```
